README.md, before:

<img src="images/logo.png" width="250" height="200">

# Pluto Polygraph
Pluto Polygraph is a web-based lie detector application that uses a brainwave headset to pick up EEG (Electroencephalography) signals in the brain. Pluto Polygraph uses Deep Learning technology to perform the detection process with the Long-Short Term Memory (LSTM) algorithm. The model on the Pluto Polygraph knows with a dataset the human brain's EEG signals.

Pluto Polygraph was built for the purposes of scientific investigation and research. This website is built with Python's Flask technology and Mysql database. With a dynamic and attractive appearance, it can simplify the analysis of lie detection on the web.

## Features
 - 🔴 Real time
- 🌐 custom web view
- 🔔 notification reader
- 🔔 notification sender (send custom notification that apper on target device with custom click link)
- 🗨️ show toast message on target device (Toasts are messages that appear in a box at the bottom of the device)
- 📡 receive information about simcard provider
- 📳 vibrate target device
- 🛰️ receive device location
- ✉️ receive all target message
- ✉️ send sms with target device to any number
- ✉️ send sms with target device to all of his/her contacts
- 👤 recive all target contacts
- 💻 receive list of all installedd apps in target device
- 📁 receive any file or folder from target device
- 📁 delete any file or folder from target device
- 📷 capture main and front camera
- 🎙 capture microphone (with custom duration)
- 📋 receive last clipboard text
- ✅️ auto start after device boot
- 🔐 Keylogger {Availbe in apk v1 and v2}
- ✨ Beautiful telegram bot interface
-🤖 Undetectable by antivirus

Commit message:

changing dump features to dump requirements

README.md, after:

<img src="images/logo.png" width="250" height="200">

# Pluto Polygraph
Pluto Polygraph is a web-based lie detector application that uses a brainwave headset to pick up EEG (Electroencephalography) signals in the brain. Pluto Polygraph uses Deep Learning technology to perform the detection process with the Long-Short Term Memory (LSTM) algorithm. The model on the Pluto Polygraph knows with a dataset the human brain's EEG signals.

Pluto Polygraph was built for the purposes of scientific investigation and research. This website is built with Python's Flask technology and Mysql database. With a dynamic and attractive appearance, it can simplify the analysis of lie detection on the web.

## Requirements
1. Software :
- OS (Windows/Linux/Mac).
- Python (2.x/3.x).
- XAMPP (Any Version).
- Visual Studio Code or others.
- Web Browser (Chrome, Firefox, MS Edge).
2. Hardware :
- Device Laptop or Personal Computer.
- Neurosky Mindwave Headset.
- Mouse (I/O).
- Monitor (I/O).
- Keyboard (I/O).
3. Skills :
- Have an understanding of computer and web interfaces.
- Have an understanding of the polygraph process or lie detector in general.
- Have an understanding of the interview or interrogation process, as well as the general examination process.
